Add config reader for CLI (#100)
stfc/janus-core: README.md

For all options, run `janus md --help`.

### Using configuration files

> Default values for all commandline options may be specifed through a Yaml 1.1 formatted configuration file by adding the `--config` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default values for all command line options may be specifed through a Yaml 1.1 formatted configuration file by adding the `--config` option. If an option is present on both command line and config file, the command line one takes precedence.
```

For example, with the following configuration file and command:

```yaml
struct_path: "NaCl.cif"
properties:
  - "energy"
out_file: "NaCl-results.xyz"
arch: mace_mp
calc_kwargs:
  model: medium
```

```shell
janus singlepoint --struct KCl.cif --out KCl-results.cif --config config.yml
```

This will run a singlepoint energy calculation on `KCl.cif` using the [MACE-MP](https://github.com/ACEsuit/mace-mp) "medium" force-field, saving the results to `KCl-results.cif`.

> [!NOTE]
> `properties` must be passed as a Yaml list, as above, not as a string.

> [!WARNING]

> > Options in the Yaml file must match their Python variable name, which may differ from the option flag.

Reviewer: this is not cool... we need to think.

Author: Yes it's not ideal. The obvious solution is just make them all match

Reviewer: yap i think that is the solution otherwise too much confusion.

Author: There will still be a `-` vs `_` difference, but probably close enough otherwise.

It would be much less of an issue if it didn't allow unspecified options too, so I need to figure out if that's fixable too

For all options, run `janus md --help`.

### Using configuration files

Default values for all command line options may be specifed through a Yaml 1.1 formatted configuration file by adding the `--config` option. If an option is present in both the command line and configuration file, the command line value takes precedence.

For example, with the following configuration file and command:

```yaml
struct: "NaCl.cif"

> properties:

Reviewer: ? based on another comment is this correct?

Author: It's no longer correct (it doesn't work very well defining the path here for tests while keeping it generic and easily removable) but I kept it as something to be overwritten by the explicit `--struct`.

Maybe I should make it more explicitly wrong.

Author: Oh sorry I was thinking this is the test config, which bit is the problem?

Author: `janus singlepoint --config config.yml` works with this config if `NaCl.cif` is in your current directory, so perhaps the comment is wrong/misleading?
